Ingredients
▢3 cups all-purpose flour
▢2 large eggs
▢1/3 cup water
US Customary - Metric
Instructions
In a large bowl or directly on your counter, place the flour in a mound.
Make a well in the center of the flour and add both eggs.
Carefully pour water on the eggs.  Use a fork to begin beating the eggs gently, slowly incorporating the flour into the egg mixture. 
When the mixture resembles a crumbly mass, use your hands to knead the dough until smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes.  Cover the dough and let rest at room temperature for about half an hour.
Meanwhile, prepare your pasta maker.  When the dough has rested, cut it into 4 pieces.  Knead each piece adding a bit of flour if the dough is sticky.  Keep remaining pieces of dough covered to prevent from drying. 
Add a nugget of dough at a time to your pasta maker.  Cut at desired length.  Place on a parchment covered tray.  Sprinkle lightly with flour to prevent from sticking.  
Bring a large pot of water to a boil, salt generously and cook pasta until al dente. 
Serve with your favorite sauce.
Notes
If not serving the same day, freeze the maccaruna in a well sealed freezer bag.  Freeze for up to 3 months.  Boil without thawing first. 
Maccaruna are typically served with a rich sauce made with added meatballs, sausage, pork ribs or other meats of your choice.  You can make my mother's meatball recipe and coat the maccaruna with the sauce from the meatballs.
For vegetarians, a simple tomato sauce will do.  Sauté a small finely diced onion and clove of garlic.  Add tomato purée (or tomato passata) and let simmer for at least 30 minutes.  You can also flavor the sauce with fresh basil, if available, and red pepper flakes for extra kick.
For an authentic Sicilian experience, serve maccaruna with freshly grated ricotta salata. 
Please note that the nutritional information provided is for the pasta only, without any condiment.  
Nutrition
Calories: 381kcal | Carbohydrates: 71g | Protein: 13g | Fat: 3g | Saturated Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 105mg | Sodium: 43mg | Potassium: 139mg | Fiber: 2g | Vitamin A: 155IU | Calcium: 30mg | Iron: 4.8mg
